Added AWS Marketplace docs and improved Azure Marketplace docs (#2248)
Unstructured-IO/unstructured: docs/source/apis/aws_marketplace.rst

  :align: center
  :alt: Unstructured API on AWS Marketplace

9. **Configure the CloudFormation**

   - Select ``CloudFormation Template`` from the Fulfillment option dropdown menu.
   - Use the default ``Unstructured API`` template and software version.
   - Select the ``Region``

     - *Note: select the same region where you set up the VPC in Part 1.*
   - Click ``Continue to Launch`` button.
   - Select ``Launch CloudFormation`` from Choose Action dropdown menu.
   - Click ``Launch`` button.

.. image:: imgs/AWS/Marketplace_Step9.png
  :align: center
  :alt: CloudFormation Configuration

10. **Create Stack on CloudFormation**

    The Launch button will redirect to ``Create stack`` workflow in the CloudFormation.

    **Step 1: Create stack**

    - Select the ``Template is ready``
    - Use the default template source from ``Amazon S3 URL``
    - Click ``Next`` button.

    .. image:: imgs/AWS/Marketplace_Step10a.png
        :align: center
        :alt: Create Stack

    **Step 2: Specify stack details**

    - Provide ``stack name``
    - In the **Parameters** section, provide the ``KeyName``, ``Subnets``, and ``VPC`` from Part 1 above.

>     - Specify, ``LoadBalancerScheme`` to *internet-facing* and ``SSHLocation`` to  *0.0.0.0/0*

Reviewer: `0.0.0.0/0` gets formatted as italic here. Which feels a little weird. I'd recommend either bold or code formatting.

================================

This guide provides step-by-step instructions for deploying Unstructured API from AWS Marketplace.

Pre-Requirements
----------------

1. **AWS Account**: Register at `AWS Registration Page <https://aws.amazon.com/>`_, if you don't have an AWS account.

2. **IAM Permissions**: Ensure permissions for ``CloudFormation``.

   - Refer to this `AWS blog post <https://blog.awsfundamentals.com/aws-iam-roles-with-aws-cloudformation#heading-creating-iam-roles-with-aws-cloudformation>`_ to create IAM Roles with CloudFormation.

3. **SSH KeyPair**: Create or use an existing KeyPair for secure access.

   - Follow the ``Create Key Pairs`` in the Amazon EC2 `User Guide <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/create-key-pairs.html>`_.

Part 1: Setting-Up a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)
------------------------------------------------

1. **Access VPC Dashboard**:

   - In the AWS Management Console, navigate to the VPC service.
   - Click on “Your VPCs” in the left navigation pane, then “Create VPC.”

2. **Create VPC**:

   - Select ``VPC only``
   - Enter a ``Name tag`` for your VPC.
   - Specify the IPv4 CIDR block (e.g., 10.0.0.0/16).

> 

Reviewer 2: nit: do we need empty line here? it doesn't render on the page afaict?

Author: We need the extra line for the rst sub-bullet.

>      - You may leave the IPv6 CIDR block and Tenancy settings as default.

Reviewer 2: should we also include tags as something that is "okay" to leave as default? only because we specifically call out these too.

Author: Good call. Thanks.

   - Click “Create VPC” button

.. image:: imgs/AWS/VPC_Step2.png
  :align: center
  :alt: create vpc

3. **Create Subnets**:

>    - After creating the VPC, click on “Subnets” in the left navigation pane.

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
   - After creating the VPC, click “Subnets” in the left navigation pane.
```

   - Click “Create subnet” and select the VPC you just created from the dropdown menu.
   - For the first public subnet:

     - Enter a ``Name tag``.
     - Select an ``Availability Zone``.

>      - Specify the IPv4 CIDR block (e.g., 10.0.1.0/24).

Reviewer 2: option here will be dependent oh what you put in before. maybe update to /16? since that's what you specified above?
```suggestion
     - Specify the IPv4 CIDR block (e.g., 10.0.1.0/16).
```

>      - Click ``Add new subnet``.

Reviewer 2: okay to use default "IPv4 subnet CIDR block"?
okay to use default tags?

>      - Click ``Add new subnet``.

Reviewer 2: okay to use default tags?

   - Repeat the process for the second public subnet with a different Availability Zone and CIDR block (e.g., 10.0.2.0/24).

     - *Note: Each subnet must reside entirely within one Availability Zone and cannot span zones*.
     - Ref: AWS documentation on `Subnet basics <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/configure-subnets.html#subnet-basics>`_.
   - For the private subnet:

>      - Follow the same steps, but choose a different Availability Zone and CIDR block (e.g., 10.0.3.0/24).

Reviewer 2: what makes this one private? should probably explain. so really we need to make three subnets each in a different availability zone and with a different IPv4 subnet CIDR block? if so, maybe we should call out that's what we're doing at the top.

also reminder this also should explicitly say "IPv4 subnet CIDR block"

Author: Added intro paragraphs and infrastructure diagram at the top (under "Part 1: Setting-Up a VPC"

   - Click ``Create subnet``.

.. image:: imgs/AWS/VPC_Step3.png
  :align: center
  :alt: create subnet

4. **Create Internet Gateway (for Public Subnets)**:

>    - Go to “Internet Gateways” in the VPC dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Click VPC dashboard in the left navigation pane.
   - Click "Internet Gateways" in the dashboard.
```

>    - Click “Create internet gateway,” enter a name, and create.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Click “Create internet gateway”, enter a name, and create.
```

>    - Attach the newly created internet gateway to your VPC.

Reviewer 2: HOW? you did not break out these steps.
please step through and capture images...i.e. clicking the actions dropdown, click "Attach to VPC" ...etc 
please specify every single step.

Author: Add a note to refer the "edit route" in step 6 to attach the public Route Table and Internet Gateway

.. image:: imgs/AWS/VPC_Step4.png
  :align: center
  :alt: create internet gateway

5. **Set Up Route Tables**:

>    - Go to “Route tables” in the VPC dashboard.

Reviewer 2: let's just spell this out again (detail each step)
- Click "VPC dashboard" in the left navigation pane.
- Click “Route tables” in the dashboard.

   - Enter a ``Name``.
   - Select the ``VPC`` from Step 2 above.
   - Click ``Create route table``

.. image:: imgs/AWS/VPC_Step5.png
  :align: center
  :alt: create route table

6. **Connecting Route Tables and Internet Gateway**:

>    - Go to the VPC set up in Step 2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Click on “Your VPCs” in the left navigation pane
```

Reviewer 2: then...select your VPC

   - Connect the **public subnets** to the **route table** from Step 5.

     - Select the public subnet from Step 3.
     - Click ``Actions`` button on the top right-hand corner
     - Select ``Edit route table association``
     - Repeat the process for the two public subnets.

   - Connect the Route table to Internet Gateway

     - Click the ``route table`` from VPC Details page.

>      - Click ``Edit route``

Reviewer 2: be precise:
```suggestion
     - Click ``Edit routes``
```

>      - Click ``Add route``:

Reviewer 2: no mention of: `A valid CIDR block or a prefix list has to be specified.` what to put to satisfy this??

> 

Reviewer 2: we need waay more detail here. I'm making a bunch of guesses on what to click on. pretend the user knows absolutely nothing. tell them exactly what to click at each step

Reviewer 2: i.e. Select the public subnet from Step 3. --- where!? ..am I clicking into the Resource Map at the bottom of the main view? clicking on the node in that graph associated with each subnet?

Reviewer 2: say:...this will open a new tab...

Reviewer 2: in the bottom of the  main view select the Route Table tab?

Reviewer 2: this will take you to the Edit route table association screen...in the "Route table ID" dropdown choose the route table created in step...

Reviewer 2: ...same thing for "Connect the Route table to Internet Gateway" please list out every single step

>    - For the **private subnet**, use the main route table or create a new one without a route to the internet gateway.

Reviewer 2: what is the main route table? the one created by default? isn't it already connected to this? ..more explicit directions here

.. image:: imgs/AWS/VPC_Step6.png
  :align: center
  :alt: connect public subnet to route table

.. image:: imgs/AWS/VPC_Step7.png
  :align: center
  :alt: VPC Resource Maps

7. **Inspect VPC Resource Map**:

>    You can check the configurations from the Resource Maps on the VPC Details dashboard.

Reviewer 2: give image of what it should look.

> 

Reviewer 2: ...click on the <> tab

Part 2: Deploying Unstructured API from AWS Marketplace
-------------------------------------------------------

8. **Visit the Unstructured API page on AWS Marketplace**

   - Link: `Unstructured API Marketplace <http://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-fuvslrofyuato>`_.
   - Click ``Continue to subscribe``
   - Review Terms and Conditions
   - Click ``Continue to Configuration``

.. image:: imgs/AWS/Marketplace_Step8.png
  :align: center
  :alt: Unstructured API on AWS Marketplace

9. **Configure the CloudFormation**

   - Select ``CloudFormation Template`` from the Fulfillment option dropdown menu.
   - Use the default ``Unstructured API`` template and software version.
   - Select the ``Region``

>      - *Note: select the same region where you set up the VPC in Part 1.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - *Note: select the same region specified for the VPC in Part 1.*
```

   - Click ``Continue to Launch`` button.
   - Select ``Launch CloudFormation`` from Choose Action dropdown menu.
   - Click ``Launch`` button.

.. image:: imgs/AWS/Marketplace_Step9.png
  :align: center
  :alt: CloudFormation Configuration

10. **Create Stack on CloudFormation**

    The Launch button will redirect to ``Create stack`` workflow in the CloudFormation.

    **Step 1: Create stack**

    - Select the ``Template is ready``
    - Use the default template source from ``Amazon S3 URL``
    - Click ``Next`` button.

    .. image:: imgs/AWS/Marketplace_Step10a.png
        :align: center
        :alt: Create Stack

    **Step 2: Specify stack details**

    - Provide ``stack name``

>     - In the **Parameters** section, provide the ``KeyName``, ``Subnets``, and ``VPC`` from Part 1 above.

Reviewer 2: KeyName was not specified in Part 1. should add more text about this explicitly

    - Specify, ``LoadBalancerScheme`` to **internet-facing** and ``SSHLocation`` to  **0.0.0.0/0**

>     - Click ``Next`` button.

Reviewer 2: can you please make each of these steps in the order they appear on the page? one step for each item

    .. image:: imgs/AWS/Marketplace_Step10b.png
        :align: center
        :alt: Specify stack details

    **Step 3: Configure stack options**

    - Specify the stack options or use default values.
    - Click ``Next`` button.

    .. image:: imgs/AWS/Marketplace_Step10c.png
        :align: center
        :alt: Specify stack options

    **Step 4: Review**

    - Review the Stack settings.
    - Click ``Submit`` button.

    .. image:: imgs/AWS/Marketplace_Step10d.png
        :align: center
        :alt: Review stack

11. **Get the Unstructured API Endpoint**

    - Check the status of the CloudFormation stack.

      - A successful deployment will show ``CREATE_COMPLETE`` status.
    - Click ``Resources`` tab and find ``ApplicationLoadBalancer``.

>     - Copy the ``DNS Name`` from the Load Balancer dashboard.

Reviewer 2: I had to also click the ApplicationLoadBalancer to launch a page that had the details with the DNS Name. ... if this is the case, please specify that explicitly
